[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>DAVID WILCOCK:
I'm David Wilcock,
and welcome to "Disclosure."
If the government's
not going to do this,
then we have to take
it into our own hands
and make this disclosure
process a reality.
And that's what I'm
trying to do here
by bringing you some of the
finest minds that have ever
graced our presence in terms
of studying the real data that
comes out from the field
of ancient civilizations.
And one of the all-time
heroes in the field
of ancient civilizations is none
other than John Anthony West.
I was very honored to
have the opportunity
to interview him at the Paradigm
Symposium in Minneapolis.
John Anthony West
is a scholar whose
work is legendary in
terms of the scope
and implications of
how he has re-imagined
the history of Egypt.
The central
hypothesis of his work
is that there is a far
more spiritual core
to Egyptian civilization,
to their philosophy,
to their hieroglyphics,
to their monuments,
than any conventional
archaeologist
normally gives credit for.
The spiritual component
has been stripped away,
and what we're left with is
this academic bookkeeping.
One of the other things
that is really significant
here is that archaeologists
and anthropologists
take certain parts of
data from the Egyptians
and treat that data as if it's
totally credible, because it
fits with their preconceptions.
But then there's other data
from the exact same data sets,
and they arbitrarily say,
well that stuff is wrong,
but this stuff is right.
You're going to hear
about that in this show.
You're also going to hear
about the staggering complexity
of Schwaller de
Lubicz's research.
I tried to get into it.
I couldn't get very far.
John Anthony West
has truly given us
a groundbreaking
reinterpretation of Schwaller
de Lubicz, making it
easier to understand.
And we talk about how de
Lubicz's philosophies really
do explain how much
of a sacred basis
there is to every aspect of
Egyptian culture and society.
We also start out with
John Anthony West giving us
a rather interesting background
about how he got into all this
to begin with, going to the
Spanish island of Ibiza,
or "Ibitha," as my Spanish
friend used to call it.
So there's a lot of interesting
things to explore here.
And we're obviously
not going to get away
from the real core of
what is the smoking gun.
And interestingly,
John Anthony West
says that the
ammunition for the gun
is the Sphinx
water-weathering argument
that you're going
to be hearing about.
But the gun itself is this
very curious site in Turkey
that you may have never heard
of before called Gobekli Tepe.
That's all coming up right now.
Check it out.
All right, John Anthony
West, welcome to Disclosure.
I'm really happy
to have you here.
>>JOHN WEST: And I'm
delighted to be here, David.
Thank you.
>>DAVID: So we are at
the Paradigm Symposium
in Minneapolis.
And you actually
were the one that
told us that this was
happening out here.
>>WEST: Yes.
It was strange that you
guys didn't know about this,
but yeah.
>>DAVID: It's a real
great gathering of talent.
And you are, of
course, a legend.
And most people who are
familiar with your work
know you for a relatively
small footnote, actually,
of the greater body
of work that you've
done, which is this Sphinx
water-weathering argument.
>>WEST: Yes.
That is a relatively
small segment.
I didn't start out to
prove that the Sphinx was
older than it's supposed to be.
In fact, I didn't
start out intending
to do scholarship at all.
Basically, at the
age of 13 I knew
I'd been born into
a lunatic asylum,
and it was pretty
lonely for some years.
When I got to be about 19,
I knew what I wanted to do.
I wanted to be a
writer, and I wanted
to be the boy who said the
emperor wears no clothes.
Another long story, but
one thing led to another.
I started getting published--
first short story was-- novels,
plays, scripts, essays,
reviews-- and never made
any money.
I started getting
published, and that
was-- it's almost a
birthday now, October 15,
1957-- first short
story accepted.
I was wildly in
love with a woman
who wouldn't have me, thank God,
and I took off back to Europe,
where I'd been a year and
a half in the US Army.
This was '57.
So I got to the
island of Ibiza when
it was just getting started.
You may be too young
to know about Ibiza.
>>DAVID: I do know about it.
>>WEST: You know about it.
It was a wild place.
It was sort of an island
Paris of the '20s.
A few people with some
real talent who worked,
writers and painters
for the most part.
And I stayed there
for nine years--
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>WEST: --getting
my writing done.
I wrote a novel.
>>DAVID: That's a hard life.
>>WEST: It was really--
it was medieval.
And it taught me how
unnecessary most technology
is when you actually
have to live that way.
>>DAVID: Right.
>>WEST: When I got
there, no telephones,
almost no paved roads.
The few automobiles
that were there
were '30s, and some of
them '20s, automobiles.
Which made it look
even older than it was.
No newspapers, no radio,
obviously no television.
We made our own entertainment,
which we did pretty well,
I must say.
And it was there that
I got first introduced
by-- all of these are
long stories, which
we don't have time for.
I got interested in
astrology to begin with.
And then that led, through
another strange set
of circumstances, to the
work of G. I. Gurdjieff.
>>DAVID: Oh, OK.
>>WEST: And then Gurdjieff
was-- that really interested me
more than the astrology.
He was-- Gurdjieff--
posthumously--
he died in '49-- was the only
person I'd ever encountered who
was as contemptuous of
Western civilization as I was.
The difference was that
he knew how to live in it
and I didn't, or only barely.
And at a certain point
I realized that I really
had to go somewhere where one of
the schools that was practicing
his doctrine, system, whatever
you want to call it, existed.
So in those days
that was New York--
where I absolutely didn't
want to get back to-- Paris--
and my French was
pretty rudimentary
so I didn't want to
go there-- and London.
And I had a girlfriend who was
an actress, a very good one,
so we went to London where she
could act and I could write.
And she had a son by
a former marriage.
And there I joined one
of the Gurdjieff groups.
My novel got published,
called "Osborne's Army."
It was almost a movie
on several occasions,
and it didn't happen.
And the editor of
the publishing house
was a pretty interesting guy, a
mathematician turned publisher.
Very opposite me in
philosophy, certainly
not interested in
esoteric things.
And we were having a
jar in a pub one night
and the subject of
astrology came up.
And he said, oh, that's
a bunch of codswallop.
And I said, well, as a
matter of fact it isn't.
And it's a subject
I know a lot about.
And there's a certain
amount of direct evidence,
and a lot of indirect
evidence, that
said there really is
something to the notion
that there's a
correlation between the,
call it the human
personality, and the positions
of the stars and the planets.
And he said, well,
I'd like to see that.
And I brought in documentation.
And he said, well, I'm
not necessarily convinced,
but would you do a book on it?
And my answer basically
then, and it would be now,
is pay me some money and I'll
write a book about anything.
Not quite true, but
it's not far off.
And there "The Case for
Astrology" was born.
And in doing the
research for that
I came across the work
of the French genius
with the unpronounceable name,
R. A. Schwaller de Lubicz.
>>DAVID: Schwaller de Lubicz.
>>WEST: Schwaller de Lubicz.
>>DAVID: The dreaded.
>>WEST: The dreaded.
And I spent a year
journeying across London--
I couldn't find a copy of
the big book, which had not
been translated-- with
a dictionary by my side,
going through "The
Temple of Man"
well enough so that I could
write a chapter about it
in "The Case for Astrology."
>>DAVID: And for
those who don't know,
Schwaller de Lubicz
essentially gets
into a review of
Egyptian iconography,
but takes it from a more
spiritual standpoint
than they do.
And also has a lot
of sacred geometry
that he incorporates into
the analysis of the monuments
and so forth.
>>WEST: Absolutely.
I mean, I regard
"The Temple of Man"
and Schwaller's
work, as a totality,
as the most important
scholarship since Jesus Christ.
I really do.
Because he
reformulated-- and it's
a very difficult and
impenetrable book--
but nevertheless, he
reformulated the sacred science
of the ancients that
people have been talking
about since the ancient
Greeks in a way--
with unchallengeable
modern scholarship.
There it was.
That's why all the geometry is
there, and all the mathematics.
And, I mean, by the
time he got done--
He went there looking to
prove-- he's an extraordinarily
interesting man, but
not much room really
for a biography of
Schwaller here--
but he went there
in 1937 looking
to see if the Egyptians
employed the golden section
and the Fibonacci series.
Because that was kind of the
key to the sacred science.
Because both-- well,
both of those--
Well, the Fibonacci
series supposedly
was invented or discovered
by a 12th century
Italian mathematician.
The golden section
was supposedly
discovered by Pythagoras
around 6th century BC.
So Schwaller went there to
see if he could find out--
and there was already
some evidence that they
had that they knew
those mathematical terms
and used them.
>>DAVID: Right.
So Fibonacci is the
ratio of 1 to 1.618.
>>WEST: No.
That's the golden section.
>>DAVID: That's
the golden section.
>>WEST: Fibonacci
is a number series
in which you add the number
before to the next number.
So you start off at 1.
1 plus 1 is 2.
2 plus 1 is 3.
3 plus 2 is 5.
5 plus 3 is 8.
>>DAVID: Right.
>>WEST: 8 plus 5
is 13, et cetera.
If you connect all
the numbers, you
get a spiral that looks
exactly like the--
what's the sea shell?
>>DAVID: The nautilus.
>>WEST: The nautilus.
>>DAVID: It's an expansion
rate between different types
of sacred geometry.
>>WEST: Yes.
It's an expansion
constant, you might say,
that pervades all of nature.
And recently even the physicists
have discovered the Fibonacci
series commanding
certain arcane aspects
of very basic
cosmological physics,
of the motion of
atoms, or sub-atoms.
I don't know my physics.
>>DAVID: And since sacred
geometry is essentially
a crystallized form of
harmonic vibration--
>>WEST: Exactly.
>>DAVID: Then the
widespread prevalence
of Fibonacci and phi, and all
that throughout both nature
itself and sacred
architecture suggests
that there is some
sort of energy
that we haven't recognized
in Western science--
it's not necessarily
electromagnetic--
that may be the
precursor to matter,
or in some ways influencing
matter and life.
>>WEST: Well, yes.
It's sort of the
framework upon which
matter and life and
everything material is based.
It follows the laws that
are-- that follow naturally
from phi and Fibonacci
series, and actually
musical harmony-- the
laws of harmony and so on.
>>DAVID: Sure.
>>WEST: And so this
is what Schwaller
was looking for in Egypt.
>>DAVID: When you see such a
widespread amount of this--
of sacred geometry
used in architecture,
it has suggested
to me in the past
that the actual building
itself, in some way,
is tuned to provide
higher consciousness,
that there is a consciousness
connection when you build
a shape in that
type of proportion.
Especially when it's
made out of stone
that there is a
consciousness-raising effect
from that.
And I have a lot of scientific
documentation to prove it.
>>WEST: Oh yeah, absolutely.
It provokes
consciousness, actually.
And in Egypt, for
example, which is probably
the most sophisticated
application of phi
and Fibonacci series and
so on, the so-called gods
are misnamed.
As soon as you call
things gods everyone says,
you know, wink-wink,
nod-nod, it's superstition.
If you substitute for
gods, cosmic principles,
then you're talking
sacred science.
Each of the--
Let's say in the organic
world, sacred principles
would be fertilization,
gestation, birth, growth,
maturity, old age,
death, renewal.
And so each of those
is a principle.
To the academic-- to
scientists and quackademics,
it's just evolution that just
happens somehow or another,
and these things arise
out of a bunch of gas.
I don't have too much sympathy,
obviously, for that philosophy.
>>DAVID: Quackademic is a
term that we will probably
start using now.
>>WEST: A lot of people.
Anyhow, each of the
neterus, each of the gods--
I'll use the common terms
just to keep it simple.
Each of the gods is associated
for specific reasons
with certain numbers
and sets of numbers.
Those numbers give rise
to particular geometries,
harmonies, and proportions.
>>DAVID: Ahh.
>>WEST: When those harmonies,
proportions, numbers, measures,
et cetera, are
employed in a building
by a genius architect who
understands the sacred science,
what you have is a kind
of a symphony in stone.
It was Goethe who called
architecture frozen music.
Which is not just
poetically true,
it's actually physically true.
>>DAVID: Yeah.
>>WEST: Except that with music
we hear audio vibrations,
and with architecture it's
actually visual vibrations.
But it's more than that.
When you go through
an Egyptian temple,
you're walking through
the instrument itself
as the instrument is playing.
>>DAVID: Yeah.
>>WEST: And so--
>>DAVID: Well, it sounds as if
orthodox mainstream Egyptology
has completely missed the boat.
I mean, you don't
hear them talking
about these sacred
proportions in the monuments.
You don't hear them
talking about the idea
that the neteru would
be cosmic principles.
>>WEST: No.
>>DAVID: It seems as
if they've completely
divorced the spirituality
of the whole basis
of that civilization.
>>WEST: Yeah, they've denied it.
Actually, through
the 19th century
there was a kind
of a tug of war.
There were those who
understood, from Champollion on,
that this is a great,
great civilization
with a genuine sacred science.
They didn't necessarily
use that term,
but they understood
that this was really
something of immense
sophistication.
And really it goes back
probably to Darwin.
It became-- what we live
in, the quackademics
and the scientists,
for the most part
are the priesthood of what I
call the Church of Progress.
And the central dogma of
the Church of Progress
is that we, with our
hydrogen bombs and our nerve
gas and our striped toothpaste,
are the most advanced beings
that have ever walked
the face of this planet.
>>DAVID: Civilization
began in ancient Greece.
>>WEST: It began
in ancient Greece.
And it's gone on this
wonderful upward path,
with a few blips here and
there like the Dark Ages
and stuff like that.
But basically it's been
on an upward linear path
to our advanced selves.
But of course, the
thing about Egypt
is, I often say that
Egypt is like sex.
That gets everybody's attention.
And then why?
Well, you can read all about it.
And that's interesting.
It's complicated,
but it's interesting.
You could look at pictures.
That gives you a little
bit of understanding.
But you don't really understand
it until you experience it.
You just can't do it.
>>DAVID: I've been
there, and I know
exactly what you're saying.
>>WEST: To Egypt?
Or have sex?
>>DAVID: Yeah.
Well, both.
I've done both actually.
You do the cruise on the Nile.
We stopped off at Aswan Dam,
and just a whole bunch--
you see these places
and the photographs
don't do justice
because, as you said,
you're moving through a machine.
>>WEST: Yes, it's
three dimensional.
>>DAVID: A harmonically tuned,
consciousness resonating
device.
>>WEST: That's right.
This is what it is.
And this is why Egypt
is so interesting.
Because it's the proof of
the level of sophistication
available to the ancients.
And the weird thing is
that it has been taken over
by the people least
qualified to write about it.
The quackademics are
very good at data
and absolutely almost
bereft of understanding.
It's changing now.
It's a new generation
growing up.
>>DAVID: Let me also
say, John, that I
went through last night all
of the comments on your book
on Amazon.
There's a surprisingly
large number of them.
>>WEST: Well, yeah.
>>DAVID: And they're almost
all five star recommendations.
>>WEST: Mostly.
>>DAVID: And a significant
number of people commenting
said, this is the best
book-- "Serpent in the Sky"
is the best book on
ancient Egyptian science
and mythology that's
ever been written.
It should be used in colleges.
And that you've completely
redefined and broken away
from orthodox Egyptology and
presented a logical, coherent,
and much more spiritual version
of what they were up to.
>>WEST: Yeah.
Actually, I won't
even try to deny that.
But what I've done, really,
it's really Schwaller.
I'm a self-appointed
Schwaller's Boswell.
Because Schwaller is
almost impenetrable.
And if you really get
into "The Temple of Man,"
it's a very difficult book.
It's not everybody's cup of tea.
And it's very
difficult to understand
what Schwaller is talking about.
Like many great, great
minds, he did not
have a gift for communication.
Because he's up there
somewhere, and everybody else
is down here.
And I'm somewhere in the middle.
I'm a writer by trade, so I can
make his very difficult stuff
comprehensible.
>>DAVID: I'm not ashamed
to admit that in the 1990s
I had a couple Schwaller
de Lubicz books.
They were translated
into English,
so I at least had that.
But, you know, the
pictures were interesting.
>>WEST: Yeah.
Actually, you will see if
you go back to Schwaller
at some point-- because
even my book is not
bedtime reading,
"Serpent in the Sky."
But people come to me sometimes
and say, I got your book
and I got lost in
the number symbolism,
and I put the book down and I
picked it up six years later
and I didn't see what was
so difficult about it.
You'll see.
By osmosis you'll get it.
>>DAVID: I probably would
get a lot more out of it
now that I've done so
much more research.
The one thing that
really stood out for me
that I remember was a
diagram of him showing
that these-- I guess it
was like three temples,
were arranged in such
a way as to create
an outline of a human form.
>>WEST: Oh, that's
the Temple of Luxor.
>>DAVID: Yeah.
And so it has like the
chakras in it, and it has--
it's a very interesting--
>>WEST: The harmonic
scale is in it.
>>DAVID: And I think there
was another monument that
had tiles on the floor that
made like a stylized human face.
>>WEST: The brain.
That's one, actually, everybody
makes mistakes, including God.
Otherwise, look at us.
That's one I don't-- I think
Schwaller's wrong about.
For reasons too complex
to go into here.
>>DAVID: It's just
what my meager memory--
>>WEST: No, no.
It's OK.
That's fine.
But with Egypt-- this is to
get back to it-- as I said,
I digress and get
back to my point.
It's only by being
in Egypt that--
and going through it
that you understand,
after a couple of
weeks, the difference
between a real civilization
and what we call progress.
I mean, it really
drives it home.
And there's nowhere else on
Earth where you can do that.
It's almost certain,
particularly the work
of Laird Scranton shows that
coherent advanced cosmology
existed globally--
and then we get
into Atlantis and all of
these subjects-- at a very,
very-- in the very,
very distant past.
But you can't experience
it much anywhere.
In other words, there's
no China that you
can visit that's 3,000 to
4,000 BC and still older,
and no India, and
no Mesoamerica.
All of those traditions
almost certainly
were, if not identical to the
Egyptian, very, very similar.
They were all speaking the same
symbolic, mathematical, sacred
science language.
But it's only in
Egypt where you can
go where day after day
after day after day
you're walking through these
titanic symphonies in stone.
And at the end of
a couple of weeks
you've really come
back-- generally
speaking on the trips,
people come back and say,
you know, this is the best
thing I've ever done in my life.
>>DAVID: I want to get into the
water-weathering on the Sphinx.
Now, de Lubicz
actually mentioned that
in his books just sort
of off-handedly, right?
>>WEST: Exactly.
>>DAVID: He just tossed it in.
>>WEST: A single
line where he was
looking into the Egyptian
belief-- let's call it belief.
I call it knowledge.
Nobody ever says,
the Egyptians knew.
The quackademics say the
Egyptians believed this,
or the Egyptians believed that.
But uh uh, wink-wink
nod-nod, we know better.
Anyway, the Egyptians
have-- there
are a couple of texts or
things where the Egyptians talk
about long rains when Egypt is
ruled by the gods themselves.
And another long set
of semi-divine kings.
The Shemsu Hor, the
companions of Horus.
And these exist.
But the academics dismiss it.
Schwaller at one point,
there's a long chapter
on putting all of this together
as a scholarly argument,
and then throws away a
line, "and of course,
the Great Sphinx of Giza
shows unmistakable signs
of water weathering."
And when I read that line,
that was an epiphany for me.
Because I realized if
you could prove that,
you would destroy the
entire reigning paradigm
of the origins of
human civilization.
Because the Sphinx is the most
spectacular sculpture on earth.
The temples around it, which
don't get a lot of press,
are built with blocks
of stone half the size
of this room, put together
like pieces of a jigsaw puzzle.
We couldn't do it today.
So if you could prove the
Sphinx was weathered by water,
then the stones for the temples
come from the Sphinx enclosure.
They had to be cut, quarried
out, and placed where they are.
It would mean that not only was
the most spectacular sculpture
on earth carved at a time
when there's not supposed
to be any civilization at
all, but they were also
in possession of a technology
that we can't reproduce today.
So this upsets everything.
The Church of Progress is
destroyed at its foundations
by this simple, single act.
And so it took a
long time before I
found Robert Schoch, who had
the credentials to back this up.
And then it went to the meeting
at the GSA, Geological Society
of America, meeting, where it
was international press in '91.
>>DAVID: Let me
just review quickly.
The back end of the
Sphinx, the rear, and you
were able to take a
photograph of this.
And what you see is
this sensuous curve
that clearly shows
long-term water erosion.
>>WEST: Yes.
>>DAVID: And the
skeptical argument
that I've seen on Wikipedia,
which is really compromised.
>>WEST: Wicked-pedia I call it.
>>DAVID: Yeah.
They say, well, there's mud
brick walls that have only
been built 100 years ago
that are showing signs
of water weathering
near the Sphinx.
>>WEST: Yeah.
This is absolute stupidity.
And Schoch and I are planning
to write a big book between us
about the whole Sphinx saga.
Because it's not just this
water weather question.
Other things come into play.
There's a whole
bunch of new evidence
that demonstrates the
existence of that great ancient
sophisticated society.
But yeah, all of this led to the
groundbreaking NBC documentary
with Charlton Heston as host,
"Mystery of the Sphinx,"
which had this huge
audience all over the world.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
CHARLTON HESTON (VOICEOVER):
The Great Sphinx
of Egypt, keeper of
the ancient mysteries.
Guardian of the ancient secrets.
>>WEST: And it actually
set the whole--
I mean it's based upon
the work of Schwaller.
And his work is based upon
people who came before him.
You can trace the lineage
right back, really,
to ancient Egypt itself.
But the single
geological proof-- and I
call it proof and
not just theory--
the single geological proof
that the Sphinx is much, much,
much older than it's
supposed to be sort of set
off what's now a cottage
industry of really
serious and interesting
scholarship, some of it being
aired here at this Paradigm
Symposium, that effectively
sounds the death knell of
the Church of Progress.
And my conviction is that if
we're to survive as a race
and produce a civilization,
that civilization
must be based not upon
technology and entertainment,
like the idiots at
TED think, but rather
upon the quest for
immortality, which
is what fueled Egypt, the
Egyptian doctrine, for 3,000
years of, let's say,
of provable history.
But probably tens of
thousands of years
dating from tens of
thousands of years earlier.
Probably, almost
certainly actually.
And of course, it's that
symbolist point of view.
Florence Nightingale was an
absolutely brilliant woman
and was in Egypt in 1850.
And if she had stuck
with Egyptology,
she had-- she was
right on the money.
But she went off and saved lots
of lives by inventing nursing.
Had she stuck with
Egyptology, we
wouldn't have had
to wait another 100
years for Schwaller de Lubicz.
But she wrote home
letters to her parents.
She said, "one wonders that
people can come back from Egypt
and live lives the way
they lived them before."
It has that-- it
really does have
that transformational quality.
And my own line for it
is, if you don't see Egypt
through symbolist eyes,
you don't see Egypt at all.
So this is the reason that
I do the trips, actually,
is to make that experience
available to anyone
with the interest and
the money to do it.
>>DAVID: Well, it's a real
honor to have you here.
And I'm very
appreciative of the work
that you've done in
bringing this out.
Because I do believe the water
weathering is the smoking gun
that everything else
is built off of.
It really shows you just
can't have that type of degree
of erosion from water unless
it's at least 10,000 years old,
maybe even a lot older.
>>WEST: We think
actually now-- even
Schoch has come to the-- openly
acknowledge that it's probably
a lot older than that.
It upsets the entire--
the apple cart.
But the smoking gun really
isn't even the Sphinx.
I mean, that's the ammunition.
The smoking gun is now
Gobekli Tepe in Turkey.
Because that proves--
because the academics
themselves don't argue that it
dates from at least 10,000 BC.
It's all supposed to be
hunter-gatherers back then.
And maybe they were
hunter-gatherers.
But while they were at
it, they took time out
to erect 24 or 23
mini Stonehenges built
of blocks of stone that
weigh 10 and 15 tons,
intricately carved with probably
cosmological astronomical
figures.
That's Laird's department,
actually, primarily.
And so we feel
actually that we are
right on the cusp--
I mean all of us,
practically everyone
at the symposium
here-- we're right on
the cusp of nailing--
putting the final
nails into the coffin
of the Church of Progress.
>>DAVID: All right.
Well, John, thank you so much.
>>WEST: Thank you, David.
>>DAVID: All right.
>>WEST: Thanks
>>DAVID: It's really
amazing to consider
23 or 24 different
Stonehenge-type circles made
of blocks of stone
10 to 15 tons each,
that it's all been
dug underground,
and they've carbon dated the
soil around these monuments.
And we know that
it had to have been
buried at least
10,000 years ago.
That is absolutely
groundbreaking.
That is something that
fundamentally alters who we are
and what we believe.
It changes everything.
So the Sphinx
water-weathering argument--
as I said in our
interview, there's
been some spurious attempts
to try to debunk that,
but Gobekli Tepe isn't even
being denied by the mainstream
archaeologists.
That means we have
to rewrite everything
we think we know about
human civilization.
It's very, very interesting,
and this is only
the beginning of what John
Anthony West has to tell us.
Coming up next, we're
going to be hearing
from another one of the
great pioneers in the field
of ancient civilizations
research, none
other than Robert Bauval.
His book came out in
1994, "The Orion Mystery,"
and it had a tremendous
impact on me.
Because in that book,
he was the equivalent
of Martin Luther
banging the edicts
on the walls of
the church, saying
that the Orion Correlation
Theory was fact.
And in fact, nobody had
even come up with it before,
the idea that the
three pyramids in Egypt
correspond very
precisely to the three
stars in the belt of
the constellation Orion.
And it's not just that.
There is literally
a complete mirror
of what we have up
in the sky down there
on the plateau in Egypt.
And if you don't believe
that, if you're a skeptic,
you've got to hear him out.
And also interesting
is how much resistance
he got from the mainstream.
And we're going
to talk about that
as well, coming up next
time here on "Disclosure."
I'm your host, David Wilcock,
and I thank you for watching.
[MUSIC PLAYING]